I've been getting tagged in this Tik Tok
of someone buying these Minecraft Legos.
And is is that me? What am I doing
there? No, this isn't a sponsorship. So,
what is going on? Well, from the writing
down here, I can tell it's some sort of
Slavic language. But by googling the
brand name, I found these My World sets,
which are Chinese knockoffs of Minecraft
sets, until I realized this says My
Word, not My World. And upon further
digging, I found some My Word sets
listed on a Russian website. So, mystery
solved, right? Well, then I found the My
Word logo was a bit different than my
box and still had Chinese branding. So,
I finally found the exact company, which
was listed in Ukrainian currency. And
then, oh my god, it's me. Why am I the
explorer? So, it's a Ukrainian knockoff
of a Russian knockoff of a Chinese
knockoff of Minecraft Legos. Okay,
someone has